Update APM OTel page (#4100)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/apm/otel-direct.asciidoc

[[apm-open-telemetry-direct]]

> === Upstream OpenTelemetry SDKs and Collectors

Reviewer: We use a few different terms:

Landing page: Upstream OpenTelemetry language SDK or Collector
This page heading: Upstream OpenTelemetry SDKs and Collectors
This page content: OpenTelemetry collector, OpenTelemetry agent

Should we change the page content from OpenTelemetry agent to OpenTelemetry SDK?
Should we rearrange the order of the SDK section and the Collector section to match the order in the title?

++++
<titleabbrev>Upstream OpenTelemetry SDKs and Collectors</titleabbrev>
++++

[NOTE]
====
This is one of <<apm-open-telemetry,several approaches>> you can use to integrate Elastic with OpenTelemetry.

> *To compare approaches and choose the best approach for your use case, refer to <<apm-open-telemetry,several approaches>>.*

Author: ```suggestion
*To compare approaches and choose the best approach for your use case, refer to <<apm-open-telemetry,Use OpenTelemetry with APM>>.*
```

but will bypass all of the validation and data processing that the APM Server performs.
In addition, your data will not be viewable in the {kib} {observability} apps if you use the `elasticsearch` exporter.

[discrete]
[[apm-instrument-apps-otel]]
==== Send data from an upstream OpenTelemetry SDK

[NOTE]
====
While it's possible to send data directly from an upstream OpenTelemetry SDK to APM Server,
in many cases you should use the SDK to send data to an OpenTelemetry Collector that processes
and exports data to APM Server. Read more about when you should use a collector in the

> https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/#when-to-use-a-collector[OpenTelemetry documentation].

Author: >This doc outlines how to send data directly from an upstream OpenTelemetry SDK to APM Server. While this is possible, in many cases you should use the SDK to send data to an OpenTelemetry Collector that processes and exports data to APM Server. Read more about when you should use a collector in the
[OpenTelemetry documentation](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/#when-to-use-a-collector).

Author: ```suggestion
This doc outlines how to send data directly from an upstream OpenTelemetry SDK to APM Server, which is appropriate during development or if you're monitoring a small-scale application. In many cases, you should use the OpenTelemetry SDK to send data to an OpenTelemetry Collector that processes and exports data to APM Server. Read more about when and how to use a collector in the https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/#when-to-use-a-collector[OpenTelemetry documentation].
```
